Inside of our roots file.
We're going to find our updates file.
So this is the route handler that handles updates to tickets.
So as I just mentioned, we need to take a look at the ticket that the user is trying to update.
And if it is currently reserved or locked down, we need to reject the update request.
So to do so, we're going to scroll down a little bit inside of here.
And then right after we find the ticket and it can be right before or after we take a look at who owns
the ticket just somewhere inside of here.
We need to decide whether or not we should allow the ticket to be edited in case it is actually reserved.
Now, how about right after we find the ticket?
We'll say if.
Ticket.
Order ID.
And that's pretty much the check.
Remember, we had said the presence of an order ID means this thing is reserved and we should prevent
edits.
So if there is an order ID, fantastic.
Let's throw a new air.
I think the most appropriate error here would be a bad request here.
So I'll throw a new bad request air.
We do have to import that at the very top.
So from our common module I will get bad request error.
And that should just be about it.
One thing we forgot, we have to provide a message here.
So some explanation.
Well, we can give a very simple explanation.
We can say ticket is reserved or how about cannot edit a reserved ticket?
Simple enough.
That looks good.
Now, as I mentioned, I would really like to write out a test around this as well, just to make sure
that we've got something to say.
Yep, we cannot edit a ticket.
Naturally, the logic here is really simple and straightforward, so the test is a little bit over the
top.
Nonetheless, this is the kind of thing you want to test because this is some pretty critical business
logic.
So inside of our test directory, inside the Roots folder, we'll find update tests.
Let's then go down to the very bottom and we'll add in a new test.
It will say it rejects updates if the ticket is.
Reserved.
Let's then get a very quick reminder on how we write out tests around drought handlers, because it
has been a while since we've done that.
So I can take a look at our previous test.
In the previous test, we first created a cookie so we can make a number of requests as one consistent
user.
We then created a ticket and then made a follow up request to edit that ticket.
So our test is going to be very similar, except we're going to expect the follow up edit to result
in a 400 or essentially a bad request.
In addition, in between the creation and the update, we're also going to have to reach directly into
our database, get a handle on the ticket that was created and set the order ID property on that thing
as well.
Now just to save a little bit of time from this previous event or previous test of publishes an event,
I'm going to copy the cookie.
The request to create the ticket.
And then default requests to edit it as well.
So I'm going to copy those three blocks right there.
And then piece them down inside of our test and we'll just make a couple of changes to this thing.
So first off, we do know that our follow up request right here, we are going to expect to get back
a 400.
In addition, we're going to make sure that right after we make this initial request, we're then going
to reach in, find our ticket and set the order ID property on it.
And to do that, we're going to, first off, have to get access to our ticket collection.
And number two, we're also going to need access to Mongoose so we can generate a random ID or the order
ID as well.
So at the very top, it looks like we've already got an import for Mongoose.
I'm going to add in an import or ticket as well from up one to.
Models.
Oh, come on.
Ticket.
All right, back down at our test.
Right after we create our ticket.
Well, then do a ticket.
And that's going to come from a wait ticket.
Find buy ID.
And the ID of the ticket that we are looking for is inside the body of this response right here.
So it's going to be response body ID.
Then we'll do a ticket set of the order.
I'd.
And we're going to set it to mongoose types.
Object ID.
To hex string.
And as usual, going to throw a exclamation right after ticket right there as well.
And then finally.
Let's make sure we do in a weight ticket save.
And another darn exclamation.
There we go.
Okay.
So that's pretty much it.
We got our consistent user rate the ticket, edit it, save it, make the follow up request, expect
that request to error.
Let's save this and see how we're doing.
I'll go back over to my terminal and find my test suite.
Now we are still filtering our tests, so I'm going to hit W to go to the watch menu.
I'm then going to filter by file name once again by hitting P and I'm going to try to run only this
update test file.
So I'll put an update dot test.
It looks like I'm writing or running the correct file, and it looks like all of our tests are passing
as usual.
Just quickly, make sure this thing is failing as expected.
So what happens if we comment all that stuff out and never set the order ID property?
Well, now our request should succeed with a 200.
And so we got a 200 back when we were expecting a 400.
So that means that our test is failing as expected.
So I'll uncomment that.
It looks like everything's going.
Now, I'll do just one last test run of all my tests inside of this project by hitting W and then A.
And we'll just make sure that the entire service is good to go.
Yep.
Looks like it is.
Well.
Well, that is it.
So I think we're all set here.
Quick pause.
Continue in just a minute.